Anki can actually ruin your studying if
you don't use it right at Stanford I was
drowning in thousands of flash card
watching my productivity plummet despite
studying more hours than anyone in fact
I almost dropped out before discovering
the critical features hiding in plain
sight that completely transformed my
Approach today I'll show you a full
step-by-step walkthrough of how to use
Ani like a pro including mastering the
deck settings that prevent card
overwhelm configuring card types
correctly using the browse function to
create a searchable knowledge engine and
implementing the syncing strategy that
prevents catastrophic progress loss
these exact techniques helped me score
in the top. 1% while studying fewer
hours than my peers let's Master an's
interface together and fix your workflow
once and for
[Music]
all so the first thing is we're going to
look at the deck section so in this
section the purpose is really to
organize your card you can create both
decks and subdecks so as an example here
you could create so we can say test deck
and then if we wanted to uh we can add
other decks to this so let's say that we
have these other decks here I would just
drag it to the test deck and then I can
hit plus and it'll allow me to create uh
different sub decks within that probably
the most useful icon here is is if you
click the little uh gear button here and
it'll allow you to rename the deck if
you want um you can also do study
options and you can export the cards uh
and so for example if I wanted to say
like share my deck with other people I
can export my cards including the media
uh like images or sounds or things like
that and share it with other people in
terms of studying if I wanted to study
the cards so in the test deck or in my
default deck I would just click on this
and then it would hit study now and so
as I've made this card in the past I
would then just go through and review it
and say say epid hematoma use the path
of physiology to explain the
presentation well the pathopysiology is
is that you've got middle manal artery
it's a high pressure system and
so and so I would hit uh enter and then
I would click uh if I got it right I
would hit good if I was hard but I got
it right I would hit hard and if I got
it wrong I would hit again the the next
thing I want to talk about is Ani
setting so this is something that can be
really confusing if you get this wrong
it can actually cause you to be
extremely overwhelmed with your setting
because you'll be buried in flashcards
and you may not know why and you might
think oh my gosh an is not for me this
is horrible but in reality when you dig
a little bit under the surface you'll
often times see that there's a problem
with setting before I talk about
settings I'm just going to briefly uh
talk about some nomenclature so you've
got new you've got learn and you've got
do those are the three kinds of cards so
new cards are cards that I've created
but I haven't yet seen learn are cards
that I've gotten wrong where I've hit
again and do are ones cards that I've
reviewed in the past that I've gotten
right in the past and I now am supposed
to see them again so I'll give an
example so I'm going to make a test card
we'll call it test and we'll say test
and then we'll add it and so what you'll
see is when we go back here now it's
added to the new column that's because
I've made it but I haven't reviewed it
yet now if I were to uh study this new
card let's say I do this let's say I get
it wrong if I hit again or if I hit hard
or good actually in any of these cases
let's say I hit again um it now goes to
the learn there are cards that I got
wrong and they're now showing up for me
to review again this particular day and
when I review them they will typically
have their intervals uh be reset so now
that we understand what they different
card types mean now let's go to setting
to understand the ideal settings to make
sure that you don't get overwhelmed with
your card so generally speaking for
settings I actually recommend that you
keep them at the default settings and so
if you've never used Anki before that's
just what you're going to see if however
you're like a lot of people and you
played around with this in the past and
you've kind of thought to yourself oh I
want to tweak this because I want to
make sure that I remember everything or
I want to make sure that you know my
memory isn't very good and I need to do
a better job of you know retaining this
information
often times you'll see people change
their settings and what I generally
recommend is that people don't change
their settings because if they change
the settings one of the biggest mistakes
that that you'll see is is that they'll
end up having this very overwhelming
number of cards that they have to do and
often times it's because of their
setting I would say the only two
settings that you should change well so
first of all how do you know if you
changed a setting the first is uh let's
say that I changed this so you see how
this now has these undo icons have
appeared if you see these undo icons
that demonstrates that shows you that
you have changed the setting in some way
and so I would just hit uh the undo and
then you can restore it to the default
and so that is what I recommend for
pretty much all of these things so I
would just scroll down scroll down
scroll down and make sure that you now
have changed them back to the the
default settings the only two that I
would change would be new cards which I
generally recommend not doing more than
50 new cards in a day so maximum say 50
new cards total so if you have multiple
decks let's say so let's say that I've
got a med school deck and I've got my
test deck if I if I was trying to study
from both of those I wouldn't do more
than 25 new cards in each of them that
would be the first thing um and then the
second thing is is that I would change
the maximum R viws per day to some
really really high number that I'll
never had now note that even though this
says
99,999 that does not mean that I'm
actually going to study 9,000 well I I
think I change it to 9,999 but it mean
it doesn't mean that I will study 9,9 99
cards per day it just means that the
maximum that I will be studying is
99,999 as you can see right even though
I I increased the number it didn't
change the number of cards that were due
or that I was learning because the
algorithm was saying that these are the
cards that are due on this particular
day changing the maximum number I can
see doesn't change that one of the the
problems that people run into is if they
keep their setting at say like 100 often
times uh it it will warn you um but what
can happen is is that you it calculates
out okay so if you do 20 new cards per
day eventually you are going to have
more cards that are due on a particular
day than you're allowing the program to
show you people will say I don't
understand why I keep forgetting all
this information I'm doing my ankey
cards every day and you look at the the
settings and you're like oh well it's
because the the program wants to show
you these cards but you haven't let it
because you've changed your settings
from the default and so what I recommend
is just to be safe
99,999 and then again new cards uh less
than 50 total the next part is the add
menu so the purpose of ADD is to add new
cards or information that you want to
remember later and so what I'm going to
show you is how to create a new note or
a card within one of the decks so I am
going to open say the med school deck
and then I'm going to hit add and so
what it does is now it's it's opened up
the add card window and the first thing
that I'm going to do is I'm going to
choose the note type and so up here
these are probably the options that
you're going to see what I generally
recommend is to do the Bas an optional
reverse card so I'm going to choose that
I'll explain in a second how that's
going to work again because I've opened
the medical school deck it's going to go
in uh the deck is going to say medical
school briefly the different card types
so you've got basic which basically
means it's just the basic uh kind of
flash card that you're probably used to
the front is going to be the question
the back is going to be the answer um if
you do basic and reverse card what'll
happen is is that the front becomes the
question the back becomes the answer but
in addition to that it'll make a second
card that will make the back the
question and then the front is going to
be the answer so for example if I said
uh capital of France the back would be
Paris um and so this would be the the
question for one of them and then uh
Paris would be the answer in the other
but it will also make another card where
the Paris is the front of the card
answer is going to be what used to be
the front of the card in medicine where
this can be particularly helpful is is
that in a test scenario you might want
to know either the condition's name or
the something about the condition so
let's say that I wanted to know
presentation of an epid hematoma I might
say abidal hematoma what's the
presentation and then in the back it
would be the presentation I might
however also want to know based on the
presentation what is the condition
because that is often times more what
you're going to see in real life they're
not going to give you the condition's
name and then ask you to describe it
they're actually going to describe the
condition and then ask you about the
name and so knowing how to make uh
effective reverse cards can be very very
helpful basic is you know type an answer
close deltion is one where I'm not a
huge fan of these um but the basic ideas
is that you'll say like Paris is is the
capital of France and then you have the
ability to create something where it's
going to show you the answer Paris is
the capital of and then I have to hit
you know so I I clicked on the close
deletion and it created this blank space
that now I'm going to use as a prompt to
help me remember it so is the capital of
France it's kind of this cute thing that
people can use the downside that I have
found with Clos deletions is that I tend
to remember a lot of contextual Clues so
if I have like a longer string of text I
might remember like oh okay I that you
know Paris is the capital of and I might
not think about that but the text might
be some sort of clue for me where I'm
like oh the answer to this card is for
even though I'm not actually remembering
the actual information it's just this
thing that I've kind of memorized and
I'm now regurgitating on a card what I
recommend to use is the basic and
optional reverse card and so you may
want to make reverse card or you may not
and so it's nice to have the option of
making a reverse card or not so for
example if I wanted to say capital of
France right would be the front um and
then the back would be Paris right if I
leave this blank then it will not add a
reverse card whereas if I put y for yes
in the back then it will make a reverse
card so it will give me the option of if
I want to do this or not
so um you can see now that there are two
different cards here um because I've
added this why however if I delete this
there are times when you're going to
want to have a only a forward card and
there are going to be times when you
want to have a forward and a reverse
card for those I actually think that in
general it's better to just default to
basic and optional reverse card uh what
this will allow you to do is to always
have the forward card let's say I wanted
to say capital of USA I would say
Washington DC if I just add this right
by itself then it's only added to single
card right you can see there's only one
card here and it is capital of USA
Washington DC now if I add if I type y
here for yes I don't know if you can
actually um type other letters here but
Y is the one that I've always defaulted
to so if you type y here for ad of verse
you see now how it's added a second card
so that second card is going to be
Washington DC is going to be the
question and then the answer is going to
be the front which is capital of USA if
you delete whatever it is that you type
here in order to make the the the the
reverse card it doesn't actually delete
the card so you'll actually have to
manually delete it um by going to uh
notes and
delete and so um but you can suspend
this card if you want if you don't want
to use that because if they're linked I
think that if you delete one it might
actually delete the other one too so
that is the add function the only other
thing that I would um that I would add
about this is that you can um create
tags for these cards let's say I wanted
to do Capital so I would say you know
capital of uh UK which I believe is
London um I could add this to capitals
right and I could add a reverse card
here and so now it's created this tag
and so anytime I wanted to find cards
related to that particular tag which
will become relevant later um I can do
that by just searching for that
particular tag I'm also going to link
here a video to how to make other cards
um which you can find uh in the show
notes the next feature that we're going
to talk about is the browse feature and
so the purpose of browse is really it's
like a search window or it's a search
function to find important information
from the browse window you can also edit
and delete and move or suspend cards as
I was showing you earlier and you can
use it for cram specific information for
upcoming tests which I'll talk about in
a future video and it will default to
opening the most recent deck that you
have opened and so um here we've got all
of my capitals of different countries
probably the most useful thing to note
is all of this information over here and
so what you can do is you can look at
either due date like sort of the timing
of them so when we're cards when our
cards due like if they're due today
these are all my cards that would be due
today that I'm supposed to be doing or I
can sort them based on when they were
added and I can look at when they were
edited or studied or things like that um
Flags can be useful if you like for
example I've made uh subdecks before of
particular cards where I didn't
necessarily want to go and like add a
tag to every single one of the cards but
I was sharing a deck with someone or I
was sharing a certain number of cards
and so I wanted to just highlight all of
those particular kinds of cards I don't
know maybe like all of my cards to do
with acne and so I would you know tag
all of them as blue or red or something
like that card State I don't really use
all that often um but you can again sort
them based off of card state but the
ones that I probably find most useful
are going to be based off of tags
honestly probably the most useful thing
that I find is to look at them by tags
the other really really useful feature
and the one that I use the most most is
actually this feature um and so that's
just the search bar and so I can search
for all of the cards that I've ever made
um based off of particular words but I
think that it's actually really valuable
to spell things correctly in large part
because you can search your deck based
off of words and if you misspell it it's
actually not going to find those things
so if I misspelled say epidural hematoma
or if I misspelled hematoma let's say it
would only show me the cards in which
I'd spelled hematoma correctly um and as
I was showing you earlier from the
browse menu you can actually just edit
the cards this is the easiest way to
edit the cards is just to find the card
and then you can just type it into the
browse window it will change the card
immediately um and yeah you can also go
to delete cards and there's a lot of
other really useful things that you can
do I can you know highlight all of these
cards let's say that you know I had just
created a bunch of cards and I realized
I didn't make any uh tags for them you
can actually just hit add tag and now
all of those things can um now have my
capitals tag and I can now go down in my
browser window and then find all of my
cards that are tagged with capitals and
so there's a lot of useful features
these are probably the most common ones
that I'm use in my day-to-day life yeah
oh I would say probably the other the
other maybe useful features um just to
highlight some I'll I can make a a
future video if you are interested which
again please put in the comments what
sort of videos you would like to see um
another feature that you can certainly
use I will use sometimes is to change
deck and so if I wanted to say Obviously
capitals don't belong in medical school
maybe they would belong and say my test
deck or I can add we add a deck here um
I can instead of it being default we can
call it uh capos right so I can add a
deck here so now you can see it is in
the test deck it is a sub deck of the
test deck and is called capitals I'm
going to cover this in the future but
there's also the ability to cram
specific cards and so let say that you
wanted to um study things separately you
can do that from a special function
called creating a filtered deck and so
we won't cover that in this video be
sure to subscribe to the channel so you
can um be alerted when we have new
videos like that all right so the next
feature that we're going to talk about
is stats so the purpose of stats is
really to monitor your progress and you
can use it to help adjust your study
habits I'm going to show you the stats
what I will say is is that most of you
are going to want to hit collection cuz
you're going to have multiple decks and
so you don't want to just look at that
that particular deck which is going to
be the last deck that I opened
collection is going to be all of the
Decks that I've ever created and studied
from the most relevant for 99% of users
are going to be three tabs in the stats
menu they're going to be reviews answer
buttons and added I'm going to talk
briefly about the other ones but those
are the ones that I'm going to spend the
most time talking about reviews is going
to tell me how many cards did I review
um and tell me about those reviews so if
I hover over this so you can see here um
you got different colors note that I am
part color blind so you're going to have
to bear with me um but this red color is
I think it's kind of orangish is
learning so what that means is that
there were eight times that I um was
reviewing things where I clicked a
button opened one card and I hit again
99 times and you know saw it 100 times
then it would still it would count it as
100 reviews for learning as I could also
do 100 cards that I'm learning which
means that they're the new cards that
I'm I'm learning from the new cards are
again the ones that I have made but I
haven't reviewed yet and so from
reviewing from the first time those are
the learning cards and so on this day 11
days ago I reviewed because this is a
test deck um I had made um I don't know
however many cards and what this is
saying now is that I didn't review
anything over the last uh N9 days in
between those and then today you can see
my reviews that I did and so you saw
that I made a card and I reviewed it and
so that is why there it shows learning
one you got different kinds of intervals
and so as you saw the cards that I had
gotten right the interval was something
like you know hard was 2 days and I
think good was like 14 days something
like that and so those are ones where I
you haven't done them I forget the cut
off I think it's probably something like
30 days where once the interval for how
long you algorithm predicts that you're
going to remember this information um
once that goes beyond 30 days then I
think it's called a mature card since
I've only reviewed these cards once
before and this is the first time that
I'm seeing them after the first time
that they were in the learning pile um
they're still young cards and so and so
what you'll notice is that I didn't hit
again on any of these but I'm going to
show you what happens when I do hit
again and so this is my test card um I
think this is the one I just made so
this isn't going to work oh here uh here
this is one so I'm going to hit again on
this one and so I'm hit again on this
one so now let's look at what happens to
my stats and so I'm again I'm going to
hit collection again so I can see all of
my cards so you'll see that I hit I'm
now learning it says two reviews and so
that's because I hit again twice on
those cards and so those are cards that
are young or they cards that are mature
that I've hit again on and so that's
what the uh learning means filtered is
again if you create like a separate deck
to either review a head or to cram from
that's the blue filtered cards you can
also see this is something that I didn't
actually notice until like years into
doing ay which you probably have noticed
is that you may have noticed uh which is
is that you'll see this little line here
um and so this is the running tally so
um whenever i i i t students on looking
at graphs I actually tell them to look
at the axis first and so this is what I
should have done here and so x-axis
you've got the the timeline so uh zero
days is uh today and then it goes
backwards in time for the last 30 days
or you can make it 90 days or you can
make it one year and so showing you is
on this y AIS it's showing you how many
cards did you review on that particular
day and on this Y axis you can see the
total number of cards that you've done
over the time period so in this case
over the last 30 days and so it's
showing me then um that on this day
right it went up to eight cards and then
on this day I've done seven reviews and
so then that's why it is all the way up
to 15 CU it's adding it's it's a
cumulative running total of all the
cards that I've reviewed over time the
next one I think is most helpful is um
actually answer button and so what this
is telling us is how many times did I
hit the various button this is I've done
a very small number of reviews this is
not particularly representative so what
I'm actually going to show you is my
actual stats from my own deck um to show
you my my actual stats for the cards
that I have been setting and so you can
see obviously here reviews looks very
different because I've been doing my
cards you know every day pretty much um
and so you can look over the past year
I've basically done my cards there was
maybe some exceptions but I've basically
done my cards pretty much consistently
for now like 15 years um but if I look
at my answer buttons okay so what you
can see here is how many times I have
hit the various buttons so you again you
got again right so I've got again hard
good and easy okay so these are the
different buttons and so if we go back
to
Stats basically those same buttons and
so we've got again so one is again hard
good and easy and so you'll see how many
times and what percentage of the time I
hit the various buttons in my particular
case I almost never hit easy pressed it
once I think for young cards and it
looks like here I pressed it none and
then for new cards I've pressed it one
so it's like a very very very tiny fact
of the time the vast majority of time
I'm either hitting good or hard and then
I will hit again and so what this number
at the bottom tells this is what
percentage of the time I was hitting
something that wasn't again so either
hitting hard good or easy and so this is
useful because I'll see students who are
kind of perfectionistic like I am and
they'll be like well I don't know I
don't really know this card as well as I
think that I do and so they will hit
again the problem with this is that
every single time you hit again the
interval resets and so it's basically
like a new card and so remember how I
said you shouldn't do more than 50 new
cards in a day because it will very
quickly um increase the number of cards
that you're doing well hitting again you
know say double my rate so I hit again
maybe like uh say on average 12% of the
time or 30% of the time you would be
basically adding that many new cards to
your deck or new reviews that you have
to then review that much more every
single day this is how people can get to
these situations where they are doing
thousands of cards in a day and all of
their time is spent doing ankey and
they're like I don't understand my
scores aren't going up this is
overwhelming and horrible this is why
it's because they're hitting again too
often and so um you can get a sense of
how often you're hitting Again by
looking at this other thing that you can
figure out by looking at how many times
you hit again so sometimes it's because
you're a perfectionist the other reason
that people will hit again um so often
is is because their cards are just
abnormally hard and so oftentimes you'll
see people put just huge amounts of
information on their cards right so it
might be something like you know what
are the capitals of France UK Uganda USA
Mexico you know Argentina whatever like
just this really obscene list of things
that you have to remember and of course
you're going to forget like at least one
of those things every single time and so
you're going to hit again like all the
time it's an example to illustrate that
the harder that you make your cards the
more likely it is that you're going to
have to hit again and so there's a
balance that you obviously have to
strike and in a subsequent video we are
going to talk lots and lots and lots
about how to make excellent cards so
that they are useful and connected but
not overwhelming but just to just to
note that this is a good way for you to
check yourself and make sure that your
cards are reasonable but you'll see that
I actually don't add that many cards
anymore um reason being that I have I'm
really just trying to maintain the
knowledge that I've accumulated over the
last 15 plus years if I find something I
will add it um but often times I am
again just trying to maintain the
knowledge that I've already accumulated
because as long as you don't forget the
things that you've learned it's
remarkable what it is that you're you're
capable of I'm going to talk briefly
about the other um parts of the Ani
stats future due is basically telling us
like um if I it tells me the future due
date of basically how many cards are
going to be do on any particular day and
so um I find this like only marginally
helpful uh reason being like I'm
constantly again like I I hit again
maybe 10% of the time and so um those
are going to obviously change the
intervals and and and the cards that I'm
reviewing today obviously like let's say
that I've got a bunch of cards today
that are going to have an interval that
are going to be in four days right so in
do in four 4 days this number is
artificially low because it doesn't yet
reflect the cards that I have yet to
study um same thing with this this is
just like a heat map calendar is just a
heat map of how many reviews I've done
in a particular day it's like I don't
know kind of useful but I find the
reviews uh panel to be much more useful
card counts I think is maybe is a
contender for what I would consider to
be my top three um it is useful to know
how many cards I have so you can see
I've got about a little bit more than
24,000 cards that are young and mature
um and I've got a lot of new cards that
I I think were cards that I basically
made where I was like ah it wasn't worth
it to do um and then you can see how
many cards were buried and suspended and
and other things but um it's useful for
me to get a sense of how many cards have
I actually created and so um I guess
I've created more than 24,000 cards now
that I'm actually actively reviewing
review interval is interesting it's
basically telling me like what are the
the intervals um of time that each card
that I have that I'm actively I think
it's um but how many cards have like
what particular intervals and so for
example I can see so this is 95% of my
cards I can see that there are 98 cards
that have an interval between
5,41 day and 5,500 days so basically
like 10 years which is you know God
that's not 10 years I mean if you you
like you can see I mean there's some
where it's like 9,000 days oh my
goodness I have made maybe 24 you know a
little more than 24,000 cards it takes
me only about 30 to 60 minutes in a day
to actually review those cards think
about that like how is that possible
it's possible because so many of my
cards are in this very very long tail of
long intervals and so the 10year Mark is
going to be you know to say 3,600 and
some days right all of these cards are
basically having an interval more than
10 years that's remarkable and you know
all of these cards starting from like
you know 300 days like there's so many
cards with here they have an interval of
greater than a year which means that
after I've hit you know hard or good or
easy you know the program predicts and
with relative accuracy right I mean I'm
only hitting I hit again 13% of the time
right so with relatively good accuracy
it is predicting that I am going to
remember this information for a year or
longer for many many of my cards so this
is how I can have 24,000 cards and only
have to study you know usually less than
an hour per day to recall all that
information card ease is just telling me
um when you hit again or hard or good or
easy it's going to change the ease and
so that ease will play into what the
interval is and so if I hit again like a
ton of times then it's it's going to
increase that interval at a very slow
rate and so there are a large number of
cards that I've hit again on many many
times I've learned a lot from that
experience but it's basically the
punchline is is that it tends to be the
more memorization heavy cards that I
tend to forget more easily and therefore
I'm hitting again on them so much hourly
breakdown tells you when I'm doing my
reviews and so um you can see that most
my reviews over the last year have been
sort of in the morning times and then it
kind of Peters out after that I have
experimented with different times for
studying often times if I want to get my
reviews done it's better to do them
early because I can do I'm I'm more
focused I have more energy when I do
them later on in the day I tend to I
don't know just get more distracted um
and it takes me often times like twice a
am of time so that was the stats window
next I'm going to briefly go over sync
which is going to allow you to study on
any device on your computer on your
phone on a tablet on a web browser say
like the hospital or something and allow
you to make sure that this the reviews
that you're doing in one place are going
to show up in another this is really
important to learn how to do and so I'm
going to briefly talk about this so the
first thing you're going to have to do
is you're going to have to sign up for
an Anki web account I'm going to link in
the description um how to set up your
Anki web account and I'm not going to do
that here let's say I've got three
different devices I've got my phone I've
got my computer and I've got my iPad
syncing will allow me to synchronize
what it is that I've studied and all the
information on my particular computer or
device that I was just studying from to
the server in the cloud the important
thing to recognize is that I'm not
actually my devices aren't talking to
each other directly my devices are
talking to a server and that server is
talking to the other devices okay so if
you understand that everything will make
a lot more sense I'm going to study I'm
going to study some cards um this is the
card that I was doing earlier so you can
see uncontrolled maternal
diabetes murmur her potentially on baby
right so it's a systolic murmur um it's
a flow murmur because there's an
increase in
uh basically fat and glycogen that
happens in the intraventricular septum
and so that can narrow basically the I'm
going to hit synchronize on my phone and
so now what I will do is I'm going to
hit synchronize on my computer and it is
going to synchronize it with the
computer I hit synchronize and so now
right it so was 101 cards and I've got
two new cards and I'm going to hit
synchronize and now it is going to show
me that I just reviewed two cards okay
so that is how it works you'll note
though that I have to synchronize it
first to the server or the cloud and
then I'm going to receive that
information here what's important to
recognize is there's one sort of
critical error that people make with
this and so I I want to talk about this
briefly that is when you so anytime you
change the note card type it basically
is going to um it's going to ask you're
going to require a full upload to the
database when you next synchronize your
collection if you have any reviews BL BL
BL BL right so I'm doing this because I
want to show you what this what what
happens um when you get this this window
so often times people are going to see
this window and it's going to say your
deck's here and on Ani web differ in
such a way that they can't be merged
together so it's necessary to overwrite
the decks on one side with the decks
from the other okay so this is actually
really important I I am like the kind of
person that just like kind of clicks
through like Windows you don't want to
click through this window you want to
think about this this is actually really
really important so if you choose
download Anki will fetch the collection
from an web and any changes you made on
this device since the last sync will be
lost okay so what that's saying is is
that if you um if let's say I studied on
my phone and I did all my reviews on my
phone but my computer was the last thing
to sync with the cloud then if I hit
download from eny web it's going to
delete all the information from my phone
and it's going to just use that
information so like let's say I just did
100 views it's going to basically ignore
that information and it's going to think
that my most recent information is
actually the stuff that was in the CL
instead if you choose upload Anki will
send this device's data to eny web and
any changes that waiting on Ani web will
be lost right so again let's say that if
I had just studied on my phone I would
want to upload it to Ani web because the
most updated information is on my phone
so I would want to put that in the
server and have that information then be
propagated to all of the other things
like my computer or my iPad really the
question that you want to ask where is
the most up-to-date information wherever
has the most up-to-date information that
should be the thing that uploads to eny
web everything else you want to download
from eny web right and that way the most
up-to-dated information is going to the
server and then the server can then
spread that most up-to-dated information
um everywhere else often times this is
not an issue you know Anki does a good
job of making sure that if I study a
little bit on my computer and I study a
little bit on my phone or I study on my
iPad like that it will actually um for
the most part does a pretty good job of
of reconciling those differences however
there are some things like I showed you
earlier if you you know change the note
type or things like that where it will
force you to make a decision of which
information you want now if you make the
wrong decision with this I've had
students where they're like I don't
understand I keep studying my cards but
I look at my reviews and it shows me
that I haven't done any reviews for the
last like 14 days and you're like hm
that is weird that shouldn't happen and
what they've been doing is basically
they've been hitting download from eny
web every single time they'll study it
on their phone and the the server has
this you know out ofate information that
came from their computer from say 14
days ago and they keep hitting download
from Monkey web and they're like I don't
understand I keep seeing the same cards
every single day I check my stats and it
says that I've only studied like that
particular day which again it gets
deleted as soon as they um hit download
from anky web and so they get really
confused so I'm sharing this because
these are all the mistakes that people
make when they're doing Ani and I don't
want you to make them because they can
be really really really painful in this
video we've covered the main section
we've covered decks ad browse stats and
sink which are the most critical
features of Anki if you found this
material helpful be sure to check out
our related videos here so that you can
learn more about how to use Anki to
maximize your studying and accomplish
more in less time thanks and we'll see
you in the next one